there you know the shale my new combo
fresh beats
I hit this one okay and seven bearings
65 going 6.5 did one gear right here
just got the brake assist another
there's couple different things about
this rod it was really cheap actually it
was what anyone selling it was just
pretty good for carrot sticks it's seven
foot medium heavy extensive care six
wild there's a couple different things
they're all a little bit different
they've been the foam seems a little bit
different enough that one's just worn or
what but you can see how the handle at
the top that's kind of like longer sure
if I like that but yes I saw like the
rod yeah let's get the micro guides see
I meant it a little bit okay
anyway so this is my new setup and yeah
thanks for watching don't be or don't
free it's bad